hey guys it's Brandon diamond from
pocketnow.com we're at CES 2013 and
we're going to be talking about a
product called nectar mobile power which
delivers on the promise of fuel cells
finally fuel cells are here in a
commercial format that you can buy that
charges your mobile device it's pretty
cool what the technology can do let's
take a look Sam tell us tell us a little
bit about the so the nectar power system
this is two weeks of power 10 full
charges of a phone in this little guy
here from 0 to 100 so if you only do it
halfway you get 20 and that's just in
one of these little ponds you recycle it
pop into new one you're good to go for
another 10 full charges of your phone so
it's a fuel cell system in here we've
got the energy it's converted over to
electricity USB 2.0 output here we can
plug in anything we want to 2.0 give me
your phone there
I got Android I've got my little cable
here just plug it in and it's good to go
it's like plugging into the wall except
instead of being that guy over in the
corner sitting by the plug waiting an
hour for your phone to be alive you're
still on the guy who's done yet to go
under your do your deal so this is the
fuel cell itself so so this is it's the
same thing that's in Hairspray this is
butane fuel in here and then in this
system here is the fuel cell that
converts that to butane over to
electricity
so there's actually a battery in here as
well and so you know you're always
getting power you don't have to wait for
it to start up you're just you plug in
you get power it's a hybrid system the
system does what it needs to do so you
never have to worry all you have to do
is plug in get power unplug when you're
done and when the cartridge is empty put
on the new one so to get this sort of
capacity the battery will be a lot
larger this device but the other
critical thing is that you just have to
remember to recharge it over and over
and over again this case you have this
you know it can handle pretty wide range
of operating temperatures you throw this
thing in your bag and you never worry
about you you take away that fear I mean
I'm before with this came out I had
those little batteries in my bag and
every time you wanted to go do it half
the time it's good and half the time
instead this one you trust them with
always make power
as far as these so Brooke stones are
exclusive launch partner they've got a
really good distribution
you've got the online store but you've
also got a lot of airport stores a lot
of mall stores right so initially we're
going to be shipping these free orders
this week only we'll be shipping them
from the website $2.99 for the system
$9.99 for the pods I will start shipping
in the summer and then later
so it's 55,000 milliwatts so it's 10
charges of like an iPhone 4s full charge
well so we're delivering five wants out
here and so it's a little bit of a
misleading parameter to try to compare
we're delivering lots the device roughly
four to one conversion so that's you
know whenever that is 14,000 in one of
these pods and then you know as you see
these pods are really lightweight
contact if you want more if you want
more power that's a full pod and so you
throw a couple of those in your bag you
now have 100,000 Villa watt Oh nope so
the output of this thing when it's
running and it's currently producing
power it's like the breath you it's
bring it out so it's a little bit of a
humid air exactly but you know just like
breathing so it's a little bit alive you
can hold this thing it's running right
now it's kind of like vibrating yeah
it's got a little bit of a pump in there
and that's pushing the air around
a little bit warm that's as warm as it
gets you can put it in minutes
generating energy right now
this is a great invention just here
suppose we were here at hearing about
hydrogen fuel cells and now we're
finally seeing them and then they work
that's also a long time coming but we're
really excited to be delivering those to
customers thank you very much